well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so as of this moment it appears
the president blinked and that's a good
thing that's a good thing as of this
moment as of the conference it appears
he's looking for total de-escalation he
mentioned there were a lot of little key
phrases in there turning things over to
NATO we don't really need the Middle
East all of this stuff leads me to
believe we're headed towards a total
de-escalation his token response was the
sanctions good fantastic hopefully he'll
stick to this as we have seen this week
he doesn't always stick to what he says
people are asking if whether or not I
think somebody got to it reached in
there and finally was able to reach him
and explain what was going on it's
probable and I got a feeling I know who
it was it was probably Gina Haspel if
you watched enough of these videos you
know we don't see eye to eye on a lot of
things however I have no doubt that she
understands the threats and Gina
hospitals a nickname is bloody Gina if
there's somebody who is fierce enough to
get through and grab him by the ear and
make him look at the assessments it's
her
speaking of assessments this week a lot
of people have pointed out the accuracy
of mine and I know it's YouTube so I'm
supposed to pretend like I'm just some
mythical genius the reality is tens of
thousands people can make those
assessments with that same level of
accuracy none of this is a surprise to
people who this is their field of study
and that leads us to the next question
did Trump weaken America did this week
in the United States no no it didn't
everybody knew this everybody in this
field was aware of this they knew of
this deterrent that's the whole point of
a deterrent everybody has to know it
exists that's why you had people like
Sola meny no no we don't fund those
what do you think I'm a madman am i and
then publicly transfer money to it's a
deterrent you have to know it exists and
everybody did what the American public
doesn't know is what makes them the
American public the American public
weren't really aware of this because
it's never framed as a deterrent it's
framed as just evil and yeah okay there
there it is
on some level sure but it is a deterrent
that's what it's there for
and now hopefully the American people
understand that it exists in my mind
that can only be a good thing he didn't
weaken America he weakened our
self-image we're not invincible yes we
have the greatest war machine the
world's ever known
but all machines have weaknesses and
Iran has their finger on a button that
goes to one of those weaknesses but
hopefully now that people are aware the
deterrent exists we can start treating
Iran the way we should have the entire
time there are a regional superpower
they are doesn't matter whether or not
we like them that's the way it is this
should have always been a cold war with
an attempt at diplomacy at all cost
rhetoric about attacking should never
come onto the table because they have
that deterrent and we're not going to do
it and they know we're not going to do
it the only downside to this is that
maybe other countries realize how
effective it is and then we have
proliferation of sponsoring these
organizations that was a worry during
the Cold War with that deterrent and
that yeah it's a worry but we bring them
to the table we go back to diplomacy we
go back to what the last president was
trying to do it is they'll have
shortcomings sure whatever but it was a
first step and it was working and now we
have to go back to that
because John Wayne attitudes aside they
have the deterrent hopefully we can kill
some of the rhetoric we can use the
tools that are available to alter the
landscape to bring them out that's what
has to happen we're not gonna do it
militarily not without an utter disaster
so no I don't think he weakened America
I think he may have accidentally helped
it through no planning of his own but
again it's Trump so for all we know and
15 minutes he's gonna tweet that we're
going to war I would hope that Haspel
put just the fear of God in them and
explained that escalating this to the
point where they use their deterrent
guarantees he doesn't get reelected
because it's it's gonna be a disaster
and I'm hoping that's what went down is
it we don't know because we have a
tweeter and chief anyway well thanks for
hanging in there on the ride with me
this week I'm gonna go get some sleep
it's just a thought you know have a good
night